I believe the four-year cycle is still
alive
and that saying it is dead is actually
ignoring a majority of the data. In
fact, if you look at this drop compared
to say the one from 2014,
it's not that different. In fact, as
measured from the high at this point in
2014,
not as measured from the high, as
measured from the yearly open, because
there was a big drop in late 2013, but
as measured from the yearly open,
Bitcoin back then was down was at 0.54.
We're currently at 62. It's not really
that different. And if this lines up,
then the next low could be around the
October time frame. Maybe a local low in
June, uh, and then another low in
October. There's still enough evidence
to suggest that the 4-year cycle is not
dead.